Being one of Australia's largest businesses doesn't mean we work alone.
We work together with hundreds of other businesses,
community interest groups, and government agencies and regulatory bodies.
Our success depends on these relationships.
As a member of the Australia Post Group team, it's up to you to make sure that you act in-line with Our Values,
Our Ethics, and within any laws or regulations.
And, just to make sure you're clear on this,
you'll get training at just the right time with just the right amount of information
to help you understand what you can expect from us, and what we expect from you.
You can also read about these in a series of policy documents on our Corporate Intranet site.
Refer to your People Leader if you don't have access to the Corporate Intranet.
We want to support you to make better decisions in the work you do every day,
so that our business continues to be a great place to work and the customers we serve leave with a smile.